Release v2.12.1 (#12555)
mapbox/mapbox-gl-js: CHANGELOG.md

## 2.12.1

## Bug fixes 🐞

> * Fix negative-width diacritics handling. ([#12554](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-js/pull/12554))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix a rare bug where certain diacritical characters could break rendering of a symbol layer. ([#12554](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-js/pull/12554))
```
